README.md, before:

# airbnb

Project Introduction: 
This is the first project in Udacity Data Scientist Nanodegree Program.

Motivation: 
This project is an exploratory data analysis based on dataset about Seattle Airbnb from kaggle, aiming to answer questions below:
- Which neighborhood has the best reivew rating (on average)?
- Is there a linear relationship between price and review rating?
- In which season most reviews are left?
- What features turn to drive a good review of a listing?
- What are the keywords in top 10 percent review rating?

To answer the last 2 questions, random forest regressor and wordcloud created in order to extract important features and visualize key words in good ratings.

File description:
Dataset:
- listings: all listings and features of a listing - main dataset of this analysis
- calendar: irrelevant to review - not used
- reviews: descriptive reviews with time series - less used
Analysis:
Airbnb_EDA.ipynb

Key process and results:
Process: 
- Data quality is assessed, null values in dataset have been dropped or imputed in preparation for model.
- Feature engineering: some new features are created in this part.
- Distribution of target: assess spread of review scores rating.
- Answer business questions mentioned above.
- Assess categorical and numerical features, perform feature selection and measure feature importance.
- Visualize keywords in review.

Results:
-

Commit message:

README file created, blog finished

README.md, after:

# airbnb

### Project Introduction: 
This is the first project in Udacity Data Scientist Nanodegree Program.

### Motivation: 
This project is an exploratory data analysis based on dataset about Seattle Airbnb from kaggle, aiming to answer questions below:
- Which neighborhood has the best review scores rating?
- Is there a linear relationship between price and review scores rating?
- In which season most reviews are left?
- What features are important to review scores rating of a listing?
- What do the guests say about top-rated listings?

To answer the last 2 questions, random forest regressor and wordcloud are created in order to extract important features and visualize key words in good ratings.

### File description:
**Dataset:**
- listings: all listings and features of a listing - main dataset of this analysis
- calendar: irrelevant to review - not used
- reviews: descriptive reviews with time series - less used
**Analysis:**
Airbnb_EDA.ipynb

### Key process and results:
**Process:**
- Data quality is assessed, null values in dataset have been dropped or imputed in preparation for model.
- Feature engineering: some new features are created in this part.
- Distribution of target: assess spread of review scores rating.
- Answer business questions mentioned above.
- Assess categorical and numerical features, perform feature selection and measure feature importance.
- Visualize keywords in review.

**Results:**
Medium blog: https://medium.com/@juanximin/20-points-to-rethink-for-your-airbnb-rating-ac4335150895


### Installation:
Python 3.7.10

### Author:
Ximin Juan

### Acknowledgements:
Kaggle - https://www.kaggle.com/airbnb/seattle
Udacity Data Scientist Program
